README.md, before:

# Timesheets App

[![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/hardchor/timesheets.png?label=ready&title=Ready)](https://waffle.io/hardchor/timesheets)

## Install

Download the latest release from [here](https://github.com/hardchor/timesheets/releases).

## Development

### Install

First, clone the repo via git:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/hardchor/timesheets.git
```

And then install dependencies.

```bash
$ cd timesheets && npm install
```


### Run

Run this two commands __simultaneously__ in different console tabs.

```bash
$ npm run hot-server
$ npm run start-hot
```

or run two servers with one command

```bash
$ npm run dev
```

*Note: requires a node version >= 4 and an npm version >= 2.*


> Originally based on the fantastic [chentsulin/electron-react-boilerplate](https://github.com/chentsulin/electron-react-boilerplate)
> MIT © [C. T. Lin](https://github.com/chentsulin)
>
> [Electron](http://electron.atom.io/) application boilerplate based on [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/), [Redux](https://github.com/reactjs/redux), [React Router](https://github.com/reactjs/react-router), [Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/docs/), [React Transform HMR](https://github.com/gaearon/react-transform-hmr) for rapid application development

Commit message:

add instruction on how to package app

README.md, after:

# Timesheets App

[![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/hardchor/timesheets.png?label=ready&title=Ready)](https://waffle.io/hardchor/timesheets)

## Install

Download the latest release from [here](https://github.com/hardchor/timesheets/releases).

## Development

### Install

First, clone the repo via git:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/hardchor/timesheets.git
```

And then install dependencies.

```bash
$ cd timesheets && npm install
```


### Run

Run this two commands __simultaneously__ in different console tabs.

```bash
$ npm run hot-server
$ npm run start-hot
```

or run two servers with one command

```bash
$ npm run dev
```

*Note: requires a node version >= 4 and an npm version >= 2.*

### Package and Release

To package the app for local testing, run:

```bash
npm run build
npm run pack
```

---

> Originally based on the fantastic [chentsulin/electron-react-boilerplate](https://github.com/chentsulin/electron-react-boilerplate)
> MIT © [C. T. Lin](https://github.com/chentsulin)
>
> [Electron](http://electron.atom.io/) application boilerplate based on [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/), [Redux](https://github.com/reactjs/redux), [React Router](https://github.com/reactjs/react-router), [Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/docs/), [React Transform HMR](https://github.com/gaearon/react-transform-hmr) for rapid application development
